Enhance doc contributor guide with information about creating new content, landing page config, and URL redirection (#30043)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/doc-contribute-docs-howto.adoc

. Set the minimum required header information as outlined in the following example:
+
[source,asciidoc]
----
[id="security-basic-authentication-howto"] <1>
= Secure a Quarkus application with basic authentication <2>
include::_attributes.adoc[] <3>
:categories: security <4>
----
+
{important-caption}

<1> Set the `id` value to be the same as the file name but without the extension.
<2> For information about how to create a good title for the content type, see xref:doc-reference.adoc[Quarkus documentation reference].
<3> The `_attributes.adoc` include is required to ensure that attributes get resolved, the ToC displays, and content renders in the website portal. 
<4> Set at least one category to ensure that the content is findable on the link:https://quarkus.io/guides/[Quarkus documentation home page].
+
. Optional: If you have renamed the filename of an existing AsciiDoc file, see xref:doc-contribute-docs-howto#redirect-an-existing-Quarkus-AsciiDoc-file[Redirect an existing Quarkus AsciiDoc file].

For more information about the minimum header requirements, see xref:{doc-guides}/doc-reference.adoc[Quarkus documentation reference].

> == Retire and redirect an existing Quarkus AsciiDoc source file

Author: ```suggestion
== Retire and redirect an existing Quarkus AsciiDoc source file
```
@rolfedh - When `security-openid-connect.adoc` is no longer on `main`, could you review and test out the following steps for how to set up a URL redirect?  Thanks :pray:

- Configuration documentation is generated from JavaDoc comments in Java source files.
- Java, YAML, and other source files can also be xref:doc-reference.adoc#reference-source-code[referenced] by AsciiDoc files.
- The link:https://quarkus.io/guides/[Quarkus documentation] menu page, also known as the doc index page, is sourced in the link:https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkusio.github.io[quarkusio.github.io] repository.

== Create Quarkus content in AsciiDoc

To ensure that your content shows up correctly on the link:https://quarkus.io/guides/[Quarkus documentation home page], use the following steps:

. Decide on a content type that best fits the content that you are contributing.
+
TIP: To help you decide, use the *Content types* section in xref:{doc-guides}/doc-reference.adoc[Quarkus documentation reference].
+
. Go to the `src/main/asciidoc/_templates` directory, and make a copy of the relevant template for the content type you have chosen. Be sure to:
** Use the filename syntax of`<category>-<titlekeyword>-<titlekeyword>-<content-type>.adoc`. For example, `security-basic-authentication-tutorial.adoc`.

> ** Save the file to the root of the `asciidoc` folder in the `quarkus` repository, one level up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Save the file to `docs/src/main/asciidoc` folder in the `quarkus` repository.
```

. Set the minimum required header information as outlined in the following example:
+
[source,asciidoc]
----
[id="security-basic-authentication-howto"] <1>
= Secure a Quarkus application with basic authentication <2>
include::_attributes.adoc[] <3>
:categories: security <4>
----
+

> <1> Set the `id` value to be the same as the file name but without the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Set the `id` value to be the same as the file name but without the extension. You can shorten this if the file name is too long.
```

> <2> For information about how to create a good title for the content type, see xref:doc-reference.adoc[Quarkus documentation reference].

Reviewer: Anchor tag to the title section?

Author: Done :+1: .

> <3> The `_attributes.adoc` include is required to ensure that attributes get resolved, the ToC displays, and content renders in the website portal. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> The `_attributes.adoc` include is required to ensure that attributes get resolved, the table of contents is generated, and content renders in the website portal. 
```

<4> Set at least one category to ensure that the content is findable on the link:https://quarkus.io/guides/[Quarkus documentation home page].

> For more information about the minimum header requirements, see xref:{doc-guides}/doc-reference.adoc[Quarkus documentation reference].

Reviewer: anchor link to header reference

Author: Done :+1:
